        BASIC FUNCTIONALITY

        Measurement:

        1) The software needs a calibration value (K), which is unique to each
    device. If no calibration value is present, a new value can be obtained
    through File-> Calibration. (See the Calibration section below)
        2) After a Calibration value(K) is chosen, by clicking on the voltage
    values on the fist graph, the corresponding concentration value can be given.
    The voltage/concentration that is chosen will be plotted on the second graph.
    Any undesired value on the second graph can be removed by just clicking on
    the value.
        3) After desired amount of Voltage/Concentration points are chosen, a
    line can be interpolated, whose slope will be immediately calculated and
    printed on the screen.
        4) The "Solve equation" button will be active at that point, which solves
    the equation with given values and prints the calculated dn/dc value on the
    screen.

        Calibration:

        1) A substance with a known dn/dc can be used to calibrate the device.
    First the dn/dc values must be typed in to the corresponding entry field
    on the screen.
        2) After the dn/dc is given, by clicking on the voltage values on the
    first graph, the corresponding concentration value can be given. The chosen
    voltage/concentration will be plotted on the second graph. Any undesired
    value on the second graph can be removed by just clicking on the value.
        3) After desired amount of Voltage/Concentration points are chosen, a
    line can be interpolated, whose slope will be immediately calculated and
    printed on the screen.
        4) The "Solve equation" button will be active at that point, which solves
    the equation with given values and prints the calculated calibration value on
    the screen.
        5) By clicking on "Save Calibration" button, the calculated calibration
    value will be ready for later use.
        6) A value can be deleted through File->Delete K, which opens a menu to
    select and delete the desired K value.

        Graph Functionality:

       On the left corner of the application window, a bunch of buttons are placed
    to manupulate the graph. By just hovering above the buttons, the name of the
    functionality will be shown, which is quite self-explainotary. There are some
    important points worth noting:

        1) The zooming functionality is offered through "Zoom to rectangle" button.
    Before using that button the graph must be paused by clicking "Stop" button on
    the bottom right hand side of the graph. After zooming for the desired amount,
    just reclicking the same "Zoom to rectangle" button, the zooming functionality
    will be ended. This is required for inserting Concentration values.
        2) The "Clear" button on the bottom right hand side of the second graph can
    be used to clear the graphs but the user should keep in mind that all of the
    plotted values will be gone and are unretrievable.
        3) The exact coordinates of the cursor while hoovering over the graphs will
    be displayed under the second graphs.

